= MyRailsExtensions

Some extensions I make to complete some functionality I'm missing.

== Loading

First you'll have to retrieve a copy of this repo. I would recommend this:

    cd your/rails/tree
    git submodule add git://github.com/ragnar/myrailsextensions.git lib/myrailsextensions
    git add .gitmodules lib/myrailsextensions
    git commit -m"Added myrailsextensions submodule."


Modify your config/envirionment.rb with this at the bottom:

    require 'lib/myrailsextensions/init.rb'

== Updating

When you add the submodule it will automatically check out the module. When
you need to update the module, you do it like this:

    cd your/rails/tree
    git submodule update [lib/myrailsextensions]

The path to this command is optional. If it is left out all registered
submodules will be updated. When you clone your repository to a nother
location and you have added a submodule, you will also need to manually
check out the submodules. This is how you do that:

    cd your/rails/tree
    git submodule update --init [lib/myrailsextensions]

Again the path is optional with the same behaviour as before.


== To do

* Add versioning support and load the version that matches the rails version or the plugin version.


== Warning

I will not make my best to make this work with any version of rails or any
version of the plugins I make improvements/changes to. It will be changed as I
see fit to match the versions I use myself.


Copyright (c) 2009 Ragnar Henriksen, released under the MIT license.
